GOOGLE PRIVACY POLICY
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand that this is a big responsibility and we work hard to protect your information and put you in control.

This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it and how you can update, manage, export and delete your information.


Privacy Check-Up

Looking to change your privacy settings?

Take the Privacy Check-Up

Effective 10 February 2022 | Archived versions | Download PDF

We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:

Google apps, sites and devices, such as Search, YouTube and Google Home
Platforms such as the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like Chrome Incognito mode. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used.

To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos and definitions for key terms. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us.


INFORMATION THAT GOOGLE COLLECTS
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services

We collect information to provide better services to all our users – from figuring out basic stuff such as which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful, the people who matter most to you online or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.

When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information that we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.

When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as personal information.

Things that you create or provide to us

When you create a Google Account, you provide us with personal information that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a phone number or payment information to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information – like an email address to receive updates about our services.

We also collect the content that you create, upload or receive from others when using our services. This includes things such as email you write and receive, photos and videos that you save, docs and spreadsheets you create and comments that you make on YouTube videos.

Information that we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices

We collect information about the apps, browsers and devices that you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features such as automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.

The information that we collect includes unique identifiers, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including operator name and phone number and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services, including IP address, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time and referrer URL of your request.

We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers – for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an Android device with Google apps, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your device type and operator name, crash reports, which apps you've installed and, depending on your device settings, other information about how you’re using your Android device.

Your activity

We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video that you might like. The activity information that we collect may include:

Terms that you search for
Videos that you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account
If you use our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information and types and volumes of calls and messages.

You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.


Go to Google Account

Your location information

We collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your general location.

Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by:

GPS and other sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services, such as your searches and places that you label like home or work
Information about things near your device, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data that we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can turn your Android device’s location on or off using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on Location History if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about how we use location information.

In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse. We also receive information from advertising partners to provide advertising and research services on their behalf.

We use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies, pixel tags, local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches, databases and server logs.


WHY GOOGLE COLLECTS DATA
We use data to build better services

We use the information that we collect from all our services for the following purposes:

Provide our services

We use your information to deliver our services, such as processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.

Maintain & improve our services

We also use your information to ensure that our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to make improvements to our services – for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.

Develop new services

We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organised their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.

Provide personalised services, including content and ads

We use the information we collect to customise our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalised content and customised search results. For example, Security Check-Up provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And Google Play uses information such as apps that you’ve already installed and videos that you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.

Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalised ads based on your interests. For example, if you search for 'mountain bikes', you may see an ad for sports equipment when you’re browsing a site that shows ads served by Google. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings.

We don’t show you personalised ads based on sensitive categories, such as race, religion, sexual orientation or health.
We don’t show you personalised ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the 'tap to call' button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.

Go to Ad Settings

Measure performance

We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyse data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimise product design. And we also use data about the ads that you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to link information about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.

Communicate with you

We use information that we collect, such as your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, such as an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.

Protect Google, our users and the public

We use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks and technical issues that could harm Google, our users or the public.

We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyse your content to provide you with things like customised search results, personalised ads or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyse your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use algorithms to recognise patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases that you ask it to translate.

We may combine the information we collect among our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.

If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. For example, this helps people identify an email coming from you.

We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.


YOUR PRIVACY CONTROLS
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it’s used

This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the Privacy Check-Up, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products – you can learn more in our Product Privacy Guide.


Go to Privacy Check-Up

Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content that you’ve saved with Google.

We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your Google Account includes:

Privacy controls

Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos that you watch and the things that you search for are saved in your account so that you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so that you can get more personalised experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether information about your activity on other sites, apps and devices that use Google services, such as apps that you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.

Go to Activity Controls


Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.

Go to Ad Settings


About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.

Go to About You


Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, such as reviews and recommendations, which appear in ads.

Go to Shared Endorsements


Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.

Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services

Ways to review & update your information

My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches that you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.

Go to My Activity


Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.

Go to Dashboard


Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email and phone number.

Go to Personal Info

When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:

Signed-out search personalisation: Choose whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your YouTube Search History and your YouTube Watch History.
Ad Settings: Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.


Export your data

You can also request to remove content from specific Google services based on applicable law.

To delete your information, you can:

Delete your content from specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity
Delete specific Google products, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account

Delete your information

And finally, Inactive Account Manager allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.

There are other ways to control the information that Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:

Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a cookie in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services rely on cookies to function properly, for things such as remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can modify location settings on your Android device.

SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.

When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in ads, depending on your Shared Endorsements setting.

When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organisations or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:

With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you use Google Home to make a reservation through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any sensitive personal information.

With domain administrators
If you’re a student, or work for an organisation that uses Google services, your domain administrator and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:

Access and retain information stored in your account, such as your email
View statistics regarding your account, such as how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our privacy policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centres, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety, and analyse and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.

For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:

Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request. We share information about the number and type of requests that we receive from governments in our Transparency Report.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners – such as publishers, advertisers, developers or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.

If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.


KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION SECURE
We build security into our services to protect your information

All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.

We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold, including:

We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like Safe Browsing, Security Check-Up and 2 Step Verification to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorised access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.

EXPORTING & DELETING YOUR INFORMATION
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time

You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.


Export your data

To delete your information, you can:

Delete your content from specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity
Delete specific Google products, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account

Delete your information

RETAINING YOUR INFORMATION
We retain the data that we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it and how you configure your settings:

Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as the content that you create or upload. You can also delete activity information saved in your account, or choose to have it deleted automatically after a set period of time.
Other data is deleted or anonymised automatically after a set period of time, such as advertising data in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymised form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.

You can read more about Google’s data retention periods, including how long it takes for us to delete your information.


COMPLIANCE & COOPERATION WITH REGULATORS
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.

Data transfers
We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data.

When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.

European requirements
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the controls described in this policy so you can exercise your right to request access to, update, remove, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.

Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the data controller responsible for processing your information depends on where you are based:

Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like Google Search and Google Maps regardless of your location.

We process your information for the purposes described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:

With your consent
We ask for your agreement to process your information for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. For example, we ask for your consent to provide you with personalised services, such as ads based on your interests. We also ask for your consent to collect your voice and audio activity for speech recognition. You can manage these settings in your Google Account.

When we’re pursuing legitimate interests
We process your information for our legitimate interests and those of third parties while applying appropriate safeguards that protect your privacy. This means that we process your information for things such as:

Providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users
Developing new products and features that are useful for our users
Understanding how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services
Customising our services to provide you with a better user experience (and, if relevant, tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate)
Marketing to inform users about our services
Providing advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee (and when ads are personalised, we ask for your consent)
Detecting, preventing or otherwise addressing fraud, abuse, security or technical issues with our services
Protecting against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users or the public as required or permitted by law, including disclosing information to government authorities
Performing research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public
Fulfilling obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders
Enforcing legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service
When we’re providing a service
We process your data to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract. For example, we process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.

When we’re complying with legal obligations
We’ll process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so, for example, if we’re responding to legal process or an enforceable governmental request.

If you have questions, you can contact Google and our data protection office. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.

ABOUT THIS POLICY
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its affiliates, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:

The information practices of other companies and organisations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date when the last changes were published and we offer access to archived versions for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).

RELATED PRIVACY PRACTICES
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:

Chrome & the Chrome Operating System
Payments
Fiber
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children and teens
Voice and audio collection from children’s features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organisation that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the Google Cloud Privacy Notice.

Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings:

Your Google Account is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Check-Up guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety centre helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s teen privacy guide provides answers to some of the top questions that we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for Advertising
How Google uses pattern recognition to recognise things such as faces in photos
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services

GOOGLE TERMS OF SERVICE
Effective 5 January 2022 | Archived versions | Download PDF

Country version: United Kingdom

What’s covered in these terms
We know it’s tempting to skip these Terms of Service, but it’s important to establish what you can expect from us as you use Google services, and what we expect from you.
These Terms of Service reflect the way that Google’s business works, the laws that apply to our company, and certain things that we’ve always believed to be true. As a result, these Terms of Service help define Google’s relationship with you as you interact with our services. For example, these terms include the following topic headings:

What you can expect from us, which describes how we provide and develop our services
What we expect from you, which establishes certain rules for using our services
Content in Google services, which describes the intellectual property rights to the content that you find in our services – whether that content belongs to you, Google or others
In case of problems or disagreements, which describes other legal rights that you have, and what to expect in case someone violates these terms.
Understanding these terms is important because, to use our services, you must accept these terms.

Besides these terms, we also publish a Privacy Policy. Although it’s not part of these terms, we encourage you to read it to better understand how you can update, manage, export and delete your information.

Terms
Service provider
Google services are provided by, and you’re contracting with:

Google LLC
organised under the laws of the State of Delaware, USA, and operating under the laws of the USA

1600 Amphitheatre Parkway
Mountain View, California 94043
USA

Age requirements
If you’re under the age required to manage your own Google Account, you must have your parent or legal guardian’s permission to use a Google Account. Please ask your parent or legal guardian to read these terms with you.

If you’re a parent or legal guardian, and you allow your child to use the services, then these terms apply to you and you’re responsible for your child’s activity on the services.

Some Google services have additional age requirements as described in their service-specific additional terms and policies.


Your relationship with Google
These terms help define the relationship between you and Google. Broadly speaking, we give you permission to use our services if you agree to follow these terms, which reflect how Google’s business works and how we earn money. When we speak of 'Google', 'we', 'us' and 'our', we mean Google LLC and its affiliates.

What you can expect from us
Provide a broad range of useful services

We provide a broad range of services that are subject to these terms, including:
apps and sites (like Search and Maps)
platforms (like Google Shopping)
integrated services (like Maps embedded in other companies’ apps or sites)
devices (like Google Nest)
Many of these services also include content that you can stream or interact with.

Our services are designed to work together, making it easier for you to move from one activity to the next. For example, if your Calendar event includes an address, you can click on that address and Maps can show you how to get there.

Develop, improve and update Google services

We’re constantly developing new technologies and features to improve our services. For example, we use artificial intelligence and machine learning to provide you with simultaneous translations and to better detect and block spam and malware. As part of this continual improvement, we sometimes add or remove features and functionalities, increase or decrease limits to our services and start offering new services or stop offering old ones. When a service requires or includes downloadable software, that software sometimes updates automatically on your device once a new version or feature is available. Some services let you adjust your automatic update settings.

We maintain a rigorous product research programme, so before we change or stop offering a service, we carefully consider your interests as a user, your reasonable expectations, and the potential impact on you and others. We only change or stop offering services for valid reasons, such as to improve performance or security, to comply with law, to prevent illegal activities or abuse, to reflect technical developments or because a feature or an entire service is no longer popular enough or economical to offer.

If we make material changes that negatively impact your use of our services or if we stop offering a service, we’ll provide you with reasonable advance notice, except in urgent situations such as preventing abuse, responding to legal requirements or addressing security and operability issues. We’ll also provide you with an opportunity to export your content from your Google Account using Google Takeout, subject to applicable law and policies.

What we expect from you
Follow these terms and service-specific additional terms

The permission that we give you to use our services continues as long as you comply with:
these terms
service-specific additional terms, which could, for example, include things like additional age requirements
We also make various policies, Help Centres and other resources available to you to answer common questions and to set expectations about using our services. These resources include our Privacy Policy, Copyright Help Centre, Safety Centre and other pages accessible from our policies site.

Although we give you permission to use our services, we retain any intellectual property rights that we have in the services.

Respect others

We want to maintain a respectful environment for everyone, which means that you must follow these basic rules of conduct:
comply with applicable laws, including export control, sanctions and human trafficking laws
respect the rights of others, including privacy and intellectual property rights
don’t abuse or harm others or yourself (or threaten or encourage such abuse or harm) – for example, by misleading, defrauding, illegally impersonating, defaming, bullying, harassing or stalking others
don’t abuse, harm, interfere with or disrupt the services – for example, by accessing or using them in fraudulent or deceptive ways, introducing malware or spamming, hacking or bypassing our systems or protective measures. When we index the web to bring you search results, we respect standard usage restrictions that website owners specify in their websites’ code, so we require the same when others use our services
Our service-specific additional terms and policies provide additional details about appropriate conduct that everyone using those services must follow. If you find that others aren’t following these rules, many of our services allow you to report abuse. If we act on a report of abuse, we also provide the process described in the Taking action in case of problems section.

Permission to use your content

Some of our services are designed to let you upload, submit, store, send, receive or share your content. You have no obligation to provide any content to our services and you’re free to choose the content that you want to provide. If you choose to upload or share content, please make sure that you have the necessary rights to do so and that the content is lawful.

Licence
Your content remains yours, which means that you retain any intellectual property rights that you have in your content. For example, you have intellectual property rights in the creative content that you make, such as reviews that you write. Or you may have the right to share someone else’s creative content if they’ve given you their permission.

We need your permission if your intellectual property rights restrict our use of your content. You provide Google with that permission through this licence.

What's covered
This licence covers your content if that content is protected by intellectual property rights.

What’s not covered
This licence doesn’t affect your data protection rights – it’s only about your intellectual property rights
This licence doesn’t cover these types of content:
publicly available, factual information that you provide, such as corrections to the address of a local business. That information doesn’t require a licence because it’s considered common knowledge that everyone’s free to use.
feedback that you offer, such as suggestions to improve our services. Feedback is covered in the Service-related communications section below.
Scope
This licence is:
worldwide, which means that it’s valid anywhere in the world
non-exclusive, which means that you can licence your content to others
royalty-free, which means that there are no monetary fees for this licence
Rights
This licence allows Google to:

host, reproduce, distribute, communicate and use your content – for example, to save your content on our systems and make it accessible from anywhere that you go
publish, publicly perform or publicly display your content, if you’ve made it visible to others
modify your content, such as reformatting or translating it
sublicense these rights to:
other users to allow the services to work as designed, such as enabling you to share photos with people that you choose
our contractors who’ve signed agreements with us that are consistent with these terms, only for the limited purposes described in the Purpose section below
Purpose
This licence is for the limited purpose of:

operating and improving the services, which means allowing the services to work as designed and creating new features and functionalities. This includes using automated systems and algorithms to analyse your content:
for spam, malware and illegal content
to recognise patterns in data, such as determining when to suggest a new album in Google Photos to keep related photos together
to customise our services for you, such as providing recommendations and personalised search results, content and ads (which you can change or turn off in Ad Settings)
This analysis occurs as the content is sent, received and when it is stored.
using content that you’ve shared publicly to promote the services. For example, to promote a Google app, we might quote a review that you wrote. Or to promote Google Play, we might show a screenshot of the app that you offer in the Play Store.
developing new technologies and services for Google consistent with these terms
Duration
This licence lasts for as long as your content is protected by intellectual property rights.

If you remove from our services any content that’s covered by this licence, our systems will stop making that content publicly available in a reasonable amount of time. There are two exceptions:

If you already shared your content with others before removing it. For example, if you shared a photo with a friend who then made a copy of it, or shared it again, then that photo may continue to appear in your friend’s Google Account even after you remove it from your Google Account.
If you make your content available through other companies' services, it’s possible that search engines, including Google Search, will continue to find and display your content as part of their search results.

Using Google services
Your Google Account
If you meet these age requirements, you can create a Google Account for your convenience. Some services require that you have a Google Account in order to work – for example, to use Gmail, you need a Google Account so that you have a place to send and receive your email.

You’re responsible for what you do with your Google Account, including taking reasonable steps to keep your Google Account secure, and we encourage you to regularly use the Security Check-Up.

Using Google services on behalf of an organisation or business
Many organisations, such as businesses, non-profits and schools, take advantage of our services. To use our services on behalf of an organisation:
an authorised representative of that organisation must agree to these terms
your organisation’s administrator may assign a Google Account to you. That administrator might require you to follow additional rules and may be able to access or disable your Google Account.
If you’re based in the United Kingdom, these terms don’t affect the rights that you may have as a business user of online intermediation services – including online platforms such as Google Play – under the UK Platform-to-Business Regulation.
Service-related communications
To provide you with our services, we sometimes send you service announcements and other information. To learn more about how we communicate with you, see Google’s Privacy Policy.

If you choose to give us feedback, such as suggestions to improve our services, we may act on your feedback without obligation to you.


Content in Google services
Your content
Some of our services give you the opportunity to make your content publicly available – for example, you might post a product or restaurant review that you wrote, or you might upload a blog post that you created.

See the Permission to use your content section for more about your rights in your content, and how your content is used in our services
See the Removing your content section to learn why and how we might remove user-generated content from our services
If you think that someone is infringing your intellectual property rights, you can send us notice of the infringement and we’ll take appropriate action. For example, we suspend or close the Google Accounts of repeat copyright infringers as described in our Copyright Help Centre.

Google content
Some of our services include content that belongs to Google – for example, many of the visual illustrations that you see in Google Maps. You may use Google’s content as allowed by these terms and any service-specific additional terms, but we retain any intellectual property rights that we have in our content. Don’t remove, obscure or alter any of our branding, logos or legal notices. If you want to use our branding or logos, please see the Google Brand Permissions page.

Other content
Finally, some of our services give you access to content that belongs to other people or organisations – for example, a store owner’s description of their own business, or a newspaper article displayed in Google News. You may not use this content without that person or organisation’s permission, or as otherwise allowed by law. The views expressed in the content of other people or organisations are their own, and don’t necessarily reflect Google’s views.


Software in Google services
Some of our services include downloadable software. We give you permission to use that software as part of the services.

The licence that we give you is:
worldwide, which means that it’s valid anywhere in the world
non-exclusive, which means that we can licence the software to others
royalty-free, which means that there are no monetary fees for this licence
personal, which means that it doesn’t extend to anyone else
non-assignable, which means that you’re not allowed to assign the licence to anyone else
Some of our services include software that’s offered under open-source licence terms that we make available to you. Sometimes there are provisions in the open-source licence that explicitly override parts of these terms, so please make sure that you read those licences.

You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell or lease any part of our services or software.


In case of problems or disagreements
Both the law and these terms give you the right to (1) a certain quality of service and (2) ways to fix problems if things go wrong.

Warranty
We provide our services using reasonable skill and care. If we don’t meet the quality level described in this warranty, you agree to tell us and we’ll work with you to try to resolve the issue.

Disclaimers
The only commitments that we make about our services (including the content in the services, the specific functions of our services or their reliability, availability or ability to meet your needs) are provided in (1) the Warranty section; (2) the service-specific additional terms and (3) laws that can’t be limited by these terms.

Liabilities
For all users
Both the law and these terms try to strike a balance as to what you or Google can claim from the other in case of problems. That’s why the law allows us to limit certain liabilities – but not others – under these terms.

These terms only limit our responsibilities as allowed by applicable law. These terms don’t limit liability for fraud, fraudulent misrepresentation or death or personal injury caused by negligence or willful misconduct.

Other than the liabilities described above, Google is liable only for its breaches of these terms or applicable service-specific additional terms, subject to applicable law.

For business users and organisations only
If you’re a business user or organisation:

To the extent allowed by applicable law, you’ll indemnify Google and its directors, officers, employees and contractors for any third-party legal proceedings (including actions by government authorities) arising out of or relating to your unlawful use of the services or breach of these terms or service-specific additional terms. This indemnity covers any liability or expense arising from claims, losses, damages, judgments, fines, litigation costs and legal fees.
If you’re legally exempt from certain responsibilities, including indemnification, then those responsibilities don’t apply to you under these terms. For example, the United Nations enjoys certain immunities from legal obligations and these terms don’t override those immunities.
Google won’t be responsible for the following liabilities:
loss of profits, revenues, business opportunities, goodwill or anticipated savings
indirect or consequential loss
punitive damages
Google’s total liability arising out of or relating to these terms is limited to the greater of (1) £500 or (2) 125% of the fees that you paid to use the relevant services in the 12 months before the breach
Taking action in case of problems
Before taking action as described below, we’ll provide you with advance notice when reasonably possible, describe the reason for our action and give you an opportunity to fix the problem, unless we reasonably believe that doing so would:

cause harm or liability to a user, third party or Google
violate the law or a legal enforcement authority’s order
compromise an investigation
compromise the operation, integrity or security of our services
Removing your content
If we reasonably believe that any of your content (1) breaches these terms, service-specific additional terms or policies, (2) violates applicable law, or (3) could harm our users, third parties or Google, then we reserve the right to take down some or all of that content in accordance with applicable law. Examples include child pornography, content that facilitates human trafficking or harassment, terrorist content and content that infringes someone else’s intellectual property rights.

Suspending or terminating your access to Google services
Google reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to the services or delete your Google Account if any of these things happen:

you materially or repeatedly breach these terms, service-specific additional terms or policies
we’re required to do so to comply with a legal requirement or a court order
we reasonably believe that your conduct causes harm or liability to a user, third party or Google – for example, by hacking, phishing, harassing, spamming, misleading others or scraping content that doesn’t belong to you
For more information about why we disable accounts and what happens when we do, see this Help Centre page. If you believe that your Google Account has been suspended or terminated in error, you can appeal.

Of course, you’re always free to stop using our services at any time. If you do stop using a service, we’d appreciate knowing why so that we can continue improving our services.

Settling disputes, governing law and courts
For information about how to contact Google, please visit our contact page.

If you’re a resident of, or an organisation based in the United Kingdom, these terms and your relationship with Google under these terms and service-specific additional terms, are governed by English law, and you can file legal disputes in the English courts.


About these terms
By law, you have certain rights that can’t be limited by a contract like these Terms of Service. These terms are in no way intended to restrict those rights.

These terms describe the relationship between you and Google. They don’t create any legal rights for other people or organisations, even if others benefit from that relationship under these terms.

We want to make these terms easy to understand, so we’ve used examples from our services. But not all the services mentioned may be available in your country.

If it turns out that a particular term is not valid or enforceable, this will not affect any other terms.

If you don’t follow these terms or the service-specific additional terms, and we don’t take action right away, that doesn’t mean we’re giving up any rights that we may have, such as taking action in the future.

We may update these terms and service-specific additional terms (1) to reflect changes in our services or how we do business – for example, when we add new services, features, technologies, pricing or benefits (or remove old ones), (2) for legal, regulatory or security reasons or (3) to prevent abuse or harm.

If we materially change these terms or service-specific additional terms, we'll provide you with reasonable advance notice and the opportunity to review the changes, except (1) when we launch a new service or feature, or (2) in urgent situations, such as preventing ongoing abuse or responding to legal requirements. If you don't agree to the new terms, you should remove your content and stop using the services. You can also end your relationship with us at any time by closing your Google Account.

TECHNOLOGIES
At Google, we pursue ideas and products that often push the limits of existing technology. As a company that acts responsibly, we work hard to make sure that any innovation is balanced with the appropriate level of privacy and security for our users. Our Privacy Principles help guide decisions that we make at every level of our company, so that we can help protect and empower our users, while we fulfil our ongoing mission to organise the world’s information.

How are you implementing the recent Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) decision on the right to be forgotten?
The recent ruling by the Court of Justice of the European Union has profound consequences for search engines in Europe. The court found that certain users have the right to ask search engines like Google to remove results for queries that include the person's name. To qualify, the results shown would need to be inadequate, irrelevant, no longer relevant, or excessive.

Since this ruling was published on 13 May 2014, we've been working around the clock to comply. This is a complicated process because we need to assess each individual request and balance the rights of the individual to control his or her personal data with the public's right to know and distribute information.

If you have a removal request, please fill out this web form. You'll receive an automatic reply confirming that we have received your request. We will then assess your case – please note that this may take some time because we have already received many such requests. In evaluating your request, we will look at whether the results include outdated information about your private life. We'll also look at whether there's a public interest in the information remaining in our search results – for example, if it relates to financial scams, professional malpractice, criminal convictions or your public conduct as a government official (elected or unelected). These are difficult judgements and as a private organisation, we may not be in a good position to decide on your case. If you disagree with our decision you can contact your local DPA.

We look forward to working closely with data protection authorities and others over the coming months as we refine our approach. The CJEU's ruling constitutes a significant change for search engines. While we are concerned about its impact, we also believe that it's important to respect the Court's judgement and we are working hard to devise a process that complies with the law.

When you search for a name, you may see a notice that says that results may have been modified in accordance with data protection law in Europe. We’re showing this notice in Europe when a user searches for most names, not just pages that have been affected by a removal.

How does Google protect my privacy and keep my information secure?
We know that security and privacy are important to you - and they are important to us, too. We make it a priority to provide strong security and give you confidence that your information is safe and accessible when you need it.

We’re constantly working to ensure strong security, protect your privacy and make Google even more effective and efficient for you. We spend hundreds of millions of dollars every year on security, and employ world-renowned experts in data security to keep your information safe. We've also built easy-to-use privacy and security tools like Google Dashboard, 2-step verification and Ads Settings. So when it comes to the information you share with Google, you’re in control.

You can find out more about safety and security online, including how to protect yourself and your family online, at the Google Safety Centre.

Find out more about how we keep your personal information private and safe – and put you in control.

Why is my account associated with a country?
Your account is associated with a country (or territory) in the Terms of Service so that we can determine two things:

The Google affiliate that provides the services, that processes your information, and that is responsible for complying with applicable privacy laws. Generally, Google offers its consumer services through either of two companies:
Google Ireland Limited, if you’re located in the European Economic Area (EU countries plus Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway) or Switzerland
Google LLC, based in the United States, for the rest of the world
The version of the terms that govern our relationship, which can vary depending on local laws
Keep in mind that Google services are essentially the same, regardless of the affiliate that provides the services or your country association.

Determining the country associated with your account
When you create a new account, we associate your account with a country based on where you created your Google Account. For accounts at least a year old, we use the country from which you usually access Google services – typically where you’ve spent the most time in the last year.

Frequent travel doesn’t generally affect the country associated with your account. If you move to a new country, it can take about a year for your country association to update.

If the country associated with your account doesn’t correspond to your country of residence, it could be because of a difference between your country of work and residence, because you’ve installed a Virtual Private Network (VPN) to mask your IP address, or because you live close to a territorial border. Contact us if you think that your country association is wrong.

How can I remove information about myself from Google’s search results?
Google search results are a reflection of the content publicly available on the web. Search engines can't remove content directly from websites, so removing search results from Google wouldn't remove the content from the web. If you want to remove something from the web, you should contact the webmaster of the site the content is posted on and ask him or her to make a change. Additionally, if under European data protection law, you would like to request removal of certain information about you that appears in Google's search results, please click here. Once the content has been removed and Google has noted the update, the information will no longer appear in Google's search results. If you have an urgent removal request, you can also visit our help page for more information.

Are my search queries sent to websites when I click on Google Search results?
In some cases, yes. When you click on a search result in Google Search, your web browser may also send the Internet address, or URL, of the search results page to the destination web page as the Referrer URL. The URL of the search results page may sometimes contain the search query that you entered. If you are using SSL Search (Google’s encrypted search functionality), under most circumstances, your search terms will not be sent as part of the URL in the Referrer URL. There are some exceptions to this behaviour, such as if you are using some less popular browsers. More information on SSL Search can be found here. Search queries or information contained in the Referrer URL may be available via Google Analytics or an application programming interface (API). In addition, advertisers may receive information relating to the exact keywords that triggered an ad click.